How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    bugs occur due to changes made in code and diff between 2 versions shows us those changes.which help us to find bugs.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    it helps in finding bugs.
    it helps programmer get to know how changes made in file with time.
    history remains as backup if current file get damage


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    pros
    we can save file as per logical changes
    it reduces no. of files or version
    we can access it offline
    we can give it 'readme' so that later we can know what changes are made
    cons
    loss of data if user forgets to commit
    user had to keep record of all file


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    in programming multiple files are related to each other so change in one file will affect  others thats why multiple file commit is needed.
    in vectors or graphics designing change in one file does not affect other files thats why each file can be treated separately.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log
    it tells us id of commit
    it tell us the time when commit had taken place
    it tell us brief info about what changes were made in file
    git diff
    it compares 2 files
    it shows difference between 2 commits
    it shows previous code as well as latest code simultaneously, which were changed.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    version control has a feature called git checkout which can load any previous commit in case our latest commit have some bugs.
    by this we can find when bug arised and can resolve the issue.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    i want to be a web developer so for a good website i want to make various version of my codes, commit them find bugs
    and keep record of my html,css,js simultaneously.
