What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
when we initialise any repository our directory converts into repository. we need it so that we can perform repository operation on files in directory .ie. commit and status etc

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
staging area is a stage between working directory and repository.here we first add file(s) which is need to commit and if we have multiple files then it helps in commit both files at same time.At this stage we make changes to added files. 
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
staging area is a intermediate stage with which with the help of commands like git diff and git diff staged we can compare it to working directory as well as repository.if on comparison we saw some logical changes have taken place then we can commit file to repository

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
branches helps in creating programs with different feature without changing the master file.branches will be helpful if we want to create program with different features like game with easy normal and hard mode etc.
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
diagrams gives us easy understanding of when branch was created how branches are different.diagrams are graphical representaions of commits and branches.it help us to visualise how commits had taken place.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
on merging two branches we add feature which are developed at 2 different locations and make a file with all the features.we use diagrams because diagram helps us to visualise which branches are merged and keeps history organised.
What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
pros
saves time
saves human effort
cons
it can lead to unwanted results
it can cause bugs
makes code lengthy with similar codes.
